the pasture popularly known as
zacatal owes its name to lacking
trees and their predominant vegetation are
the pasture is usually located
after a maternal hair ojito and gives
step to a temperate mountain forest is
say is an intermediary between both
ecosystems develops among the
1,100 and 2,500 meters above the level of
sea ​​in regions with temperatures that
They range between 12 and 20 degrees Celsius
it presents few rains after its
drought season is long hard to
six to nine months the precipitation
Annual average is between 3,000 to 6,000
millimeters with nine to six dry months
with a dry steppe climate and desert
its distribution is uniform throughout
the year but its highest level of
concurrency is in spring and autumn in
regarding the thermal amplitudes these
they increase towards the west that is to
as we move away from the sea and so
much of the moderating influence that the
water exerts on the temperature
It is estimated that this ecosystem covers
10% of the country can be found in
states of aguascalientes chihuahua
durango guanajuato hidalgo jalisco
oaxaca puebla san luis potosí tlaxcala and
Zacatecas
its typical vegetation includes numerous
cactáceas this legume grasses
type of vegetation is dominated
by grasses or grasses shrubs
and trees are scarce they are scattered and
they only concentrate on the margins of
rivers and streams
within this abyss we can find
three types of vegetation steppe prairie
grammy nosa and vega de sipe thanks
as for the fauna this is
predominant herbivore and possess habits
diggers runners and jumpers with
a perfect adoption to the medium without
However, most of them concentrate on
lagoons and bathes
we found a lot of insects
birds like the duck the gallareta the
stork damaging birds of prey like the
alcohol the chimango and the owl of
vizcachas
rodents hare vizcacha and carnivores
like for example the wildcat fox and
the puma that practically today
they find missing
its common fauna groups royal eagles
pronghorn falcons prairie experts
and safe deer among others
this topic is also the greatest
importance for the country since the
pastures served as resources
forages essential in livestock breeding
the tail and for the expansive activity
agricultural since the late 19th century and
early twentieth century for it also
you could say it's one of the biomes
more modified by the action of the
name through cattle breeding
cultivation of cereals and oilseeds and the
installation of large cities question
which practically do not exist areas
currently with original formations
this is because the plant cover
has been replaced by crops or
modified for grazing if
we observe today this region we see
species of pasture trees and shrubs
but all of them have been implanted
by man